<html> <body> <h1>RateDirect Chrome Extension</h1> <p>RateDirect is a chrome extension that finds direct booking website for any Airbnb.</p> <h2>Installation</h2> <p>To install the RateDirect chrome extension from Github, follow these steps:</p> <ul> <li>Go to the RateDirect repository on Github: <a href=“https://github.com/rahilj/ratedirect-public”>https://github.com/rahilj/ratedirect-public</a></li> <li>Click on the green <strong>Code</strong> button and select <strong>Download ZIP</strong>. Save the ZIP file to your computer.</li> <li>Extract the ZIP file to a folder on your computer. You can use any file extraction software such as WinZip or 7-Zip.</li> <li>Open Google Chrome and click on the three-dot menu at the top right corner. Select <strong>More tools</strong> and then <strong>Extensions</strong>.</li> <li>On the extensions page, toggle on the <strong>Developer mode</strong> switch at the top right corner.</li> <li>Click on the <strong>Load unpacked</strong> button and browse to the folder where you extracted the RateDirect extension files. Select the folder and click <strong>Open</strong>.</li> <li>The RateDirect extension should now appear on your extensions list and on your browser toolbar. You can click on the extension icon to access its features and options.</li> </ul> <h2>Usage</h2> <p>To use the RateDirect chrome extension, follow these steps:</p> <ul> <li>Go to Airbnb and start your search.</li> <li>On the listing details page, click on the RateDirect extension ARROW icon on your browser toolbar. A popup window will appear with the verified direct booking website for the same listing.</li> <li>Click on Book Now and you will be redirected to the booking platform’s website where you can complete your reservation.</li> </ul> <h2>Limitations</h2> <p>The RateDirect chrome extension is limited to following geographies currently:</p> <ul> <li>Sonoma County, California</li> <li>Marin County, California</li> </ul> </body> </html>
